Update README.md (#415)
pangeo-forge/pangeo-forge-recipes: README.md

## Get in touch

> Discussions on pangeo-forge are generally hosted biweekly on Mondays at 6pm UTC via [Whereby](https://whereby.com/pangeo). More details on the scheduling of these meetings can be found [here](https://github.com/pangeo-forge/roadmap/issues/3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discussions on Pangeo Forge are generally hosted biweekly on Mondays at 2pm ET via [Whereby](https://whereby.com/pangeo). [Calendar link here](https://pangeo.io/meeting-notes.html#meetings-calendar). We aim to announce cancellations on [this discourse thread](https://discourse.pangeo.io/t/pangeo-forge-working-group-and-coordination-meetings/2816).
```
